So let's look at our directory argument script,
The second one doesn't really do anything right now, but what do you do if a user for their search
directory passes in a file?
Your script is just going to break, right? And is not going to work.
So let's try that.
[To self] And I think there's a some sort of script in here...
we'll give it a file name instead of a folder.
So it didn't really do--
It didn't error out, it didn't print anything, so it was just kind of weird.
This is the actually the first--the second argument that we didn't print.
But really, this isn't searching a directory, it's only searching a file.
What if you gave it, you know, something that doesn't exist?
So you kind of want to try to help the user and give--them instead of handling some bad--just taking
in the default input that they give you, you might want to
check things first--So a simple check,
we already have a place: if it's a directory or not.  But this should be a little more of a help--
helpful message.
You want to--you want to be able to give the users some actionable information on what they can do to
actually get it to work the way you want it to.
So instead of just saying skipping--like--the file, you should say:
You can add a little helpful statement here: 'if...
Well, if '$search_dir' is a file..
So now if you run it again
with our.. [typing]
So there: there's some actionable information 'you need to pass a directory for this script'.